adds qgis-plugin-ci to plugins tips and tricks (#7721)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/pyqgis_developer_cookbook/plugins/plugins.rst

* :file:`metadata.txt` = Contains general info, version, name and some other
  metadata used by plugins website and plugin infrastructure.

> For training purpose `Here <https://github.com/wonder-sk/qgis-minimal-plugin>`_

Reviewer: I know it's not your phrasing, but could we avoid using "here" as link and instead use something like "a minimal plugin template to get started" or similar as clickable? (I cannot make suggestions over lines that are not included in your diff, sorry)

Author: Totally agreed.I reworded this. 
I also moved qgis-ci plugin into the tips and trip section, where it belongs more than here where we describe how to initialize a new plugin

is a way of creating the basic files (skeleton) of a typical
QGIS Python plugin.

There is a QGIS plugin called
`Plugin Builder 3 <https://plugins.qgis.org/plugins/pluginbuilder3/>`_
that creates a plugin template for QGIS.
It produces 3.x compatible sources, with full possible features for a plugin.

> Another productivity option is using `qgis-plugin-ci <https://opengisch.github.io/qgis-plugin-ci/>`_ CLI to perform automated testing and deployment for QGIS plugins using continuous integration on Travis-CI, github workflows, Gitlab-CI and Transifex for translation. It allows to release, translate, publish or create a XML plugin repository file via CLI or automated CI actions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another productivity option is using `qgis-plugin-ci CLI to perform automated testing and deployment for QGIS plugins<https://opengisch.github.io/qgis-plugin-ci/>`_ using continuous integration on `GitHub workflows <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows>`_, `Gitlab-CI <https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/>`_ or other ci systems. It integrates `Transifex <https://www.transifex.com/>`_ for translation, allows releasing, and publishing to the plugin repository as well as creating a private plugin repository via CLI or automated CI actions. 
```

> Another productivity option is using `qgis-plugin-ci <https://opengisch.github.io/qgis-plugin-ci/>`_ CLI to perform automated testing and deployment for QGIS plugins using continuous integration on Travis-CI, github workflows, Gitlab-CI and Transifex for translation. It allows to release, translate, publish or create a XML plugin repository file via CLI or automated CI actions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another productivity option is using `qgis-plugin-ci <https://opengisch.github.io/qgis-plugin-ci/>`_ CLI to perform automated packaging and deployment for QGIS plugins using continuous integration on Travis-CI, github workflows, Gitlab-CI and Transifex for translation. It allows to release, translate, publish or create a XML plugin repository file via CLI or automated CI actions. 
```

The tool doesn't not provide a testing environment, for now.

Can you check the wordwrap in your editor as well ? CF your changes https://raw.githubusercontent.com/qgis/QGIS-Documentation/67f4841ab9687648a2e397ea1471d5fc439d4e9c/docs/pyqgis_developer_cookbook/plugins/plugins.rst

.. index:: Plugins; Writing code

Useful tools to quickly create plugins
--------------------------------------

`A minimal plugin to get started <https://github.com/wonder-sk/qgis-minimal-plugin>`_

> that only creates the basic files (skeleton) of a typical QGIS Python plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that only includes the basic files (skeleton) of a typical QGIS Python plugin.
```

A fully featured QGIS plugin called `Plugin Builder 3 <https://plugins.qgis.org/plugins/pluginbuilder3/>`_

> that creates a plugin template for QGIS. It produces 3.x compatible sources, with full possible features for a plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that creates a plugin template for QGIS. It produces 3.x compatible sources, full of possible features for a plugin.
```

?

Reviewer: or

```suggestion
that creates a plugin template for QGIS. It produces 3.x compatible sources, with many possible features for a plugin.
```

Author: option 2 for me

for testing. This is very easy using the **Plugin Reloader** plugin. You can find it
with the :ref:`Plugin Manager <plugins>`.

Automate packaging, release and translation with qgis-plugin-ci
---------------------------------------------------------------

> `qgis-plugin-ci <https://opengisch.github.io/qgis-plugin-ci/>`_ provides a command line interface to perform automated packaging and deployment for QGIS plugins on your laptop, or using continuous integration on Travis-CI, github workflows, Gitlab-CI and Transifex for translation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`qgis-plugin-ci <https://opengisch.github.io/qgis-plugin-ci/>`_ provides a command line interface to perform automated packaging and deployment for QGIS plugins on your computer, or using continuous integration 
like `GitHub workflows <https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows>`_ or `Gitlab-CI <https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/>`_ as well as `Transifex <https://www.transifex.com/>`_ for translation.
```

- Removed travis (is that still used?)
- Added some links

> It allows to release, translate, publish or even a XML plugin repository file via CLI or automate this in CI actions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It allows releasing, translating, publishing or generating an XML plugin repository file via CLI or in CI actions. 
```

Some readability improvements
